README.md, before:

<!-- Header -->
# Hi there! 👋 I'm Adeleke

<!-- Introduction -->
A skilled backend developer with over four years of experience using PHP, Laravel, and both relational and non-relational databases. Eager to collaborate on building solid and user-friendly web applications. Welcome to my GitHub profile!

- 🤔 I’m open to opportunities and looking to collaborate on PHP and Laravel Projects
- ⚡ Fun fact: I'm inquisitive and I enjoy finding out why things work the way they do
- 🌱 Hobbies: Trying out new technologies/gadgets

<!-- Skills -->
## 🔧 Skills
- **Languages:** PHP, Python, TypeScript
- **Frameworks:** Laravel, FastAPI, Express.js
- **Databases:** MySQL, PostgreSQL
- **Tools:** Git, Linux, Devops

<!-- Connect with Me -->
## 🤝 Connect with Me
I'd love to hear from you if you're curious about anything, or looking for a partner, or just in the mood for a conversation. I'm always up for meeting new people and working on awesome projects!"

- [GitHub](https://github.com/adelekeogunsona)
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/adelekeogunsona/)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/ogunsonaadeleke)
- [Portfolio](https://adelekeogunsona.com)

Commit message:

Revise README with new introduction and tools
Updated personal introduction and skills in README.

README.md, after:

<!-- Header -->
# Hi there! 👋 I'm Adeleke

<!-- Introduction -->
I'm a Software Engineer focused on building fast and secure backend services. My work over the last 4 years covers delivering reliable systems and automating business processes to reduce manual effort. My approach is to always prioritize simple solutions and stability over complexity. Currently completing a Masters degree in Finland, I am ready to build high quality software.

- 🤔 I’m open to opportunities and looking to collaborate on PHP and Laravel Projects
- ⚡ Fun fact: I'm inquisitive and I enjoy finding out why things work the way they do
- 🌱 Hobbies: Trying out new technologies/gadgets

<!-- Skills -->
## 🔧 Skills
- **Languages:** PHP, Python, TypeScript
- **Frameworks:** Laravel, FastAPI, Express.js
- **Databases:** MySQL, PostgreSQL
- **Tools:** Git, Docker, Linux, DevOps

<!-- Connect with Me -->
## 🤝 Connect with Me
I'd love to hear from you if you're curious about anything, or looking for a partner, or just in the mood for a conversation. I'm always up for meeting new people and working on awesome projects!"

- [GitHub](https://github.com/adelekeogunsona)
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/adelekeogunsona/)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/ogunsonaadeleke)
- [Portfolio](https://adelekeogunsona.com)
